Adds Wildcard DNS record disclaimers (#1256)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/ece-wildcard-dns.md

::::{warning} 
Don't use `ip.es.io` for production systems. Set up your own domain name and DNS resolver for production. We do not guarantee uptime with `ip.es.io`.

> `ip.es.io` is intended for use only by Elastic Cloud Enterprise customers. We may, acting in our sole discretion, immediately terminate, suspend, or block any unauthorized users or uses without notice.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ip.es.io` is intended for use only by {{ece}} customers. We may, acting in our sole discretion, immediately terminate, suspend, or block any unauthorized users or uses without notice.  
```

A wildcard certificate is enabled based on the deployment domain name. For more information on modifying the deployment domain name, check [Configure endpoints](change-endpoint-urls.md). The deployment domain name also determines the endpoint URLs that are displayed in the Cloud UI.

> Report security issues to security@elastic.co. 

Reviewer: we don't have automatic url rewrite on these so I think we need to format it as a link so it looks right

```suggestion
Report security issues to [security@elastic.co](mailto:security@elastic.co). 
```
